refactor(examples) Add a warning in `quickstart-cpp` example (#5053)
adap/flower: examples/quickstart-cpp/README.md

# Flower Clients in C++ (under development)

> > **⚠️ WARNING:** This example is currently unavailable.
> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> \[!WARNING\]  
```

> > We are actively working to restore functionality and will bring it back soon. In the meantime, you can use this example with `flwr<1.13.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can use this example with `flwr<1.13.0`. We are working towards updating it to the newer `flwr run` way of running Flower Apps
```
